good morning and welcome to the Black
Edition
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
so Denon threads the clothing company um
it has a lot of Halloween based clothing
and like horror movies I actually met
the owner about two years ago to
comic-con and I did a promo for them
then and one of the first things he told
me was that they have black edition
t-shirts and all the black edition
t-shirts are done by Angelo Parente so
if I said that wrong bomb anyone who
looks motionless and white it is the old
drummer for motionless and white back on
creatures and now he does tattoos and I
follow him on Instagram but he's awesome
so I'm gonna show you the shirts this is
one of them black edition and then I'm
gonna try to get the back
Kaymer at something I'm sorry that is
what that is and then
so this shirt is the generic new black
edition shirt but the next time I'm
showing you have a limited number this
mummy want it comes in black and white
black are limited to 50 and while you're
limited to 25
there's nothing on the back of that one
and then the third one also comes in
black and white
this one also white limited to 25 black
limited to 50 and once they sell out
they are never getting reprinted
so if you guys saw something you liked
go to merch now dead and threats calm or
dead in thirds on merch now calm I will
link it right here and down below but
they do release today it is Friday the
21st right of the 21st don't know how
long they're going to be in the webstore
so go grab beer as well they're still
there